Template for adding Git tag (#11)
UKHO/devops-pipelinetemplates: auto_tag/README.md

> # Template for adding tag in an Azure Pipelines 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Template for adding a GitHub tag from an Azure Pipeline 
```

Tags are references that point to specific points in Git history. Tagging is generally used to capture a point in history that is used for a marked version release (i.e. v1.0.1).

> With this template, tags created are of the format `<BuildId>-<Timestamp>` on top of the git commit, which is used for the main pipeline build. BuildId and CommitId paramters are sent from the main pipeline which is using this template.  

Reviewer 2: True, people maybe happy that they are in control and prefer v1.0.${BuildID}

## Usage

Reference this repository inside the yaml pipeline

```yaml
resources:
  repositories: 
    - repository: UKHOTemplates
      type: github
      endpoint: GitHub_Service_Connection_Name
      name: UKHO/devops-pipelinetemplates
```

> Steps to add tagging template to your pipeline as job

Reviewer: We can put something in the readme re. sensible usages? In our use case it's going to be a post-Live environment step so we can easily see in GitHub what the last commit that got to production was, so we don't anticipate there being vast numbers

> Steps to add tagging template to your pipeline as job

Author: Since we are using timestamp in the tag, it would create multiple tags on the same commit if re-run this job. If needed we can add a task to delete existing tags before applying new tag. 
We did discuss about this among team and decided that it is not required as we seldom rerun the pipeline multiple times on live. Please let us know if it is better to remove existing tags

> Steps to add tagging template to your pipeline as job

Author: Usage notes has been added

# Template for adding a GitHub tag from an Azure Pipeline 

Tags are references that point to specific points in Git history. Tagging is generally used to capture a point in history that is used for a marked version release (i.e. v1.0.1).
The tag name and commit Id on which the tag needs to attached are sent from the calling pipeline as parameters to this template. The tag name can be any string with no spaces and no special characters such as \, ?, ~, ^, :, * , [, @, .. 

## Usage

> Reference this repository inside the yaml pipeline

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Reference this repository in your pipeline YAML
```

```yaml
resources:
  repositories: 
    - repository: UKHOTemplates
      type: github
      endpoint: GitHub_Service_Connection_Name
      name: UKHO/devops-pipelinetemplates
```

> Steps to add tagging template to your pipeline as job

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Add a job to your pipeline with the required parameters to create the tag
```

> **Note** : This job should be added at sensible stage in the pipeline, ideally, at the end of the live deployment stage where we can easily see in GitHub what the last commit that got released to production.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: This job should be added at a sensible stage in the pipeline to avoid the proliferation of tags. For example, the initial use case in Calypso is after the live deployment stage so we can easily see in GitHub the last commit that was released to production.
```
